wolves can have up to ten pups in a
letter I'm desperate to find out if
there are more headin in the den but
before I can move closer the whole pack
returns from a hunt it's way too soon
for me to approach with all of them
around so I'm going to try the next best
thing we have power this has never been
used before with wolves in fact this has
never been used before with any animal
it's very much a prototype bitter Rock
Crawler
can handle this rugged terrain that's
fitted with two little HD cameras that
I'm hoping to drive up this look and get
a good look at a den of two potential
problems the terrain is really difficult
but the real danger is that the Wolves
don't take too kindly to this and rip it
to pieces it's designed to handle the
terrain but not a pack of 6 wolves we'll
see
okay I see a move I'm a bit concerned
other than interest the rules are shy
okay there's a bit of difficulty moving
you see if we're gonna nudge it forward
oh dear it's all part of a learning
process and I've learned there's part of
the day and up there on the right it's
the bit with the buggy sticking out of
it I might still get a view inside the
den I found a hole after a lot of
maneuvering I get the picture I was
hoping for Shh oh I can see a pop I can
see a pop amazingly looking straight
into the camera these wolves are
incredible they have never seen this
kind of thing before and they don't
scurry back into the day
oh my word that is just glorious of your
beauty to pups oh wow they are just
adorable
these pups were born deaf and blind but
now their senses are developing and
they're starting to explore the world
around them
I think a the box to come and
investigate it they're looking at it
they're about four weeks old and the
first teeth are coming through
these laws are unbelievably really are
three pumps she was I do not believe it
Wow feelings ever break in there now I'm
actually a member of the pack
it's great of lovingness
you